I can't believe it meth hats 1000
subscribers and this not even been my 5
month anniversary yet actually I don't
think anniversary is the right word
let's see anniversary comes from the
Latin word anise
I said anise y'all so what's Latin for
months menses menses ok well whatever I
don't make the damn words I just use
them it's not even my 5th Mensa bursary
yet here we are
I know I once said this has been easy
but here's the lowdown you know how
sometimes you go into the kitchen and
you find some generic brand fruity Dino
pebble bits or whatever some chocolate
chips and some leftover spaghetti and
you mix it all together
and it tastes like as it should this
jibs first 5 YouTube channels ok 6 7 but
didn't you realize what you missing so
you buy some milk to go to Dino pebble
bits and some flour and sugar to mix in
with the chocolate chips and you get a
love of good french bread but then you
eaten a bunch of stuff that really
doesn't go together but it works debt is
myth fine 8 channels and I guess that's
Jeb's little secret I don't know what
the hell I'm doing I just do it creating
a new YouTube channel is like trying to
shoot a rap from the passenger window of
a jeep that's going down the road it
like 63 miles per hour
you know what you aim and fall but
you're probably gonna miss and then see
a lot of y'all saying stuff like why
doesn't this channel have most
subscribers Jeff don't stop making
videos and we're never gonna laugh again
I know a lot of y'all are worried about
why I don't have more views subscribers
and all that but don't you worry your
pretty little head about them after
eight channels I know what failure looks
like and I promise you all one dozen
subscribers before my fifth Mensa
bursary tickles my fancy damn the man
who tries to get Jim to give up patience
is my cruel mistress I go to bed with
her every night after she beats me
ain't I right patience I'll she's me no
ever
so really from the bottom of Jeb's cold
dead heart thank you all so meth-heads
I'm gonna leave you now because I know
that you are busy for movies explain
fall I'm jailed
hard I so until the next video be
excellent to each other and party on
homies